Release v3.6.2 (#86)
DeterminateSystems/nix-src: doc/manual/source/release-notes-determinate/rl-3.6.2.md

# Release 3.6.2 (2025-06-02)

* Based on [upstream Nix 2.29.0](../release-notes/rl-2.29.md).

## What's Changed

> * Fix trace-ifd test failure in dev shell by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#76](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/76)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * nix store copy-sigs: Use http-connections setting to control parallelism by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#80](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/80)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dramatically improve the performance of nix store copy-sigs: Use http-connections setting to control parallelism by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#80](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/80)
```

* Document how to replicate nix-store --query --deriver with the nix cli by @grahamc in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#82](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/82)

> * Garbage collector: Keep going even when encountering an undeletable file by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#83](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/83)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The garbage collector no longer gives up if it encounters an undeletable file, by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#83](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/83)
```

* nix profile: Replace ε and ∅ with descriptive English words by @grahamc in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#81](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/81)

> * Rework README by @lucperkins in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#84](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/84)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Rework README to clarify that this distribution is our distribution, by @lucperkins in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#84](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/84)
```
